so maybe I really don't want to know
with all the work out
yeah actually has a lot actually been on
the road with some of these guys you
know they make you think a little bit
should I go or should not go you know a
lot of guy said you know I wasn't going
he wasn't going to see me in there only
one in the green room and things like
that so I I had a little cold feet a
little bit thinking about it so uh
actually I'm still thinking about it I
don't know that right um no but you know
it's once in a lifetime you know you get
to shake their attorneys hands so you
know that's you know that's what
everybody dreams about going to the NBA
Draft shaking it guys and welcome to
whatever drink without Zeppelin I'm sure
my twitter has been blowing up I really
haven't been on it lately i told him i
give with them after the draft but uh
you know a lot of guys are kind of
shocked with the you know trace has been
happening so now you know basically you
know it's about what Minnesota pics I
think a minute so you know I think
whoever Minnesota pics in those two
spots esta con the change is Effra
lottery i think if i go to 5 i'm a tough
i pick for sure you know i think it was
the best decision and even top 10 but
you know I think ty five were really
stand out and if not I don't go top 10
top 10 Giants Europe was right across uh
no because I did get that you're under
my belt with plan a professional
basketball so you can't take that away
my money was cool but no just overall I
think you know just being around grown
man and playing at you know different
style of game and learning different
things but i'm sure i would get a lot of
heat from the media sure a lot of people
be thinking well you know you see what
happened to Ginni so you probably don't
want to do the overseas thing so i'm
sure be a lot of negatives behind it so
i'll be ready for it probably not you
know because you know i think if i go to
five I think you'll see more guys going
overseas like I said it's a great
experience I think more kids should do
it you know just to step out of their
conference on and you know to see how
soon they really are as a person I think
I've shown that this year you know I
proved everybody that you know I'm a
strong person I can handle you know even
though I didn't play a lot I have a mom
when I was out there
I think just off the court why's it was
kind of hard you know we didn't have no
dryer so we had to change our clothes
for about two days the food was
different a lot of people some people
spoke English a lot of people didn't on
the court the style of the game was
different it's not really a open court
game not a lot of one-on-one isolation
just you know strictly a team basket it
again yeah you know New York is you know
a great market in place but you know I
doubt if I get pic about Nick's I think
they I think everybody knows who they're
you know trying to get so I you know I'm
not really going to talk about too much
about Nick I mean I would love to be
there in NYC don't get me wrong play for
D'Antoni you know see what he did for
Steve Nash for those two years but I
think any team you know I go to I think
I'll be ready you know mentally you
don't think there's a chance to get
selected by the mix in it so what
well I mean there's all you know there's
always a chance you know it just depends
on what happens at night you know like I
said with with them trades you know I
think I can't kind of switch to drive up
or shake the top up a little bit so you
know it all depends on that you know
those two pics of Minnesota hopping